Add learning outcomes (#2)
BME1478H/course-info: README.md

> This course is offered by the Institute of Biomaterials and BiomedicalEngineering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This course is offered by the Institute of Biomaterials and Biomedical Engineering
```

([course descriptions page](https://ibbme.utoronto.ca/current-students/course-calendar/course-descriptions/))
at the University of Toronto.
It is intended for graduate students from different backgrounds

> who have entered the Neuromodulation/Neuroscience/Biomedical engineering program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
who have entered any of the  Biomaterial, Biomedical or clinical engineering programs.
```

> and solving real problems through a mix of online and live workshops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and solving scientific problems through a mix of online video lectures and live-coding sessions in which the students do the programming live with the instructor in the class.
```

This course requires no previous programming experience.

# Learning outcomes

Students will learn how to

- Apply "tidy data" principles.
- Develop a proficiency in coding and doing data analysis in Python.
- Clean, manipulate, and manage data in Python.
- Write well-documented and modular Python code.

> - Apply common statistical techniques to biomedical data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply common statistical and basic machine learning techniques to biomedical data.
```
